# February 24
> See -  Transformation from college-goer to a job-goer, AI, enjoying cartoons and reasons to hate low level stuff

[TOC]

## Open AI sora is here to kill artists
The thought experiment of AI
I was born in a time where most consumer cameras were still analog.
I have limited photos of me as a child and nearly no videos from my early childhood.
So much has changed since then, and so much is gonna change in such a short time from now.
With the introduction of Sora, I began wondering … 

> What happens when AI is objectively better at creating art than humans?

I am really concerned as an artist, is the value of my good art gonna be lost in the great sea of robotic creativity? When everyone can generate their own perfect game, movie, song, crafted especially for them, then who is gonna consume objectively worse human created content ?

Come to think about it, this will not be much different than today’s arrangements.
This is already a thing with social media like youtube, where recommendations stop you from exploring the niche authentic (mostly bad) videos with less views, and spoon feeds videos generated for mass appeal and no human touch, because the whole ecosystem knows how to capture the “attention” of the human brain and manufacture senseless crap with click bait thumbnails, and bold Mr. Beast captions.

A future with AI generated content is not far off, and money’s the motivator.
So, what do we do now? We have taken pride in the qualities that make us better from the machine.
We are artistic, we are creative, something that chatgpt could never be.
Or could it have written this article ?

## Music and podcasts I heard this month
### Music
<ul>
<li><a href="https://open.spotify.com/track/4rCuwgRRKaIiHlHDc8Bga6?autoplay=true">we might even be falling in love (interlude)</a></li>
<li><a href="https://open.spotify.com/track/0CvgLMXEBvuvsyvpXABPnm?autoplay=true">j cole - all my life</a></li>
<li><a href="https://youtu.be/6F1X_t1SZnQ">j cole - might delete later</a></li>
</ul>
### Podcasts
<ul>
<li><a href="https://open.spotify.com/show/0fg35zGJ4E7JKdhrTivXmt">Therapy Gecko</a><sub>mood.</sub></li>
<li><a href="https://open.spotify.com/show/3mliji9352UAk3XnWElnDV">My first Million</a><sub>Some of the episodes are very funny, the rare lighthearted business pod</sub></li>
</ul>

## Making a phone from scratch and network packets
### Unexplained latency
I really like low level stuff, but once you start writing low level stuff, like working with sockets in C, you have to start learning even lower level stuff! And the scope blows up so much so quickly.
I was recently trying to send UDP packets over from my android to my laptop, and it was taking 160ms for each packet! Now how do I go about debugging that ? So using my android, laptop and macbook, I tried a different combination of device, languages, and operating systems.
And only when I was hosting a server on a macbook, and the client was my laptop running linux mint, I was able to get around ~20ms.
God knows why?
### Embedded pain
I had to learn some really wild stuff to get a blinking LED on a stm32f103c8t6.
I had to learn how to solder <a href="https://mightyohm.
com/blog/2011/04/soldering-is-easy-comic-book/">[see this amazing comic]</a>, i had to learn more about compilers, and toolchains and elf files and ld files what not.
<a href ="https://vivonomicon.
com/2018/04/02/bare-metal-stm32-programming-part-1-hello-arm/">[see this blog]</a>

<video src="../optimized_assets/stm32.mp4" loop autoplay muted></video>

## We are growing up
Recently I was talking to my coworkers and realized all of them were married, and after I asked around, some people even had kids! Thats such a stark shift from being around people your age to being around grown ups.
I also had the opportunity to witness 2 new borns in our extended family this month, and it seems so magical! I cannot imagine how awesome the parents must feel.
It reminds me of a saying that goes something like "If you are lost in life, do what you would want your (future) son to do in life".
We have good ideals within us, we just forget about them in this attention hungry world.

